# C# Projects Specifications
By default, UnrealSharp has three C# projects:
* UnrealSharp.UnrealEngine  
This project will include basic classes that support the operation of UnrealSharp, including basic classes such as UObject and UClass, and basic structures such as FName. Most of the automatically generated code from Unreal C++ is generated into this project. Typically this project does not change very often.
* UnrealSharp.GameScripts  
This project corresponds to the game project. Usually the bindings generated by the C++ code of the game project will be exported here. You can also specify modules to force them to be generated into GameScripts instead of UnrealEngine. The reason for this is because there is a lot of code in UnrealEngine. If the C++ code of the game project is also generated into UnrealEngine, it will put pressure on the compilation time.
* UnrealSharp.GameContent  
Only when you enable blueprint binding support, the corresponding binding code will be generated under this project, otherwise it will not.  

**Please be sure to note that the relationship between these three projects is from bottom to top, and their dependence is one-way. Please don't make them cross-dependent.**

## Special Directories
| Name                          | Usage                     | UnrealEngine    | GameScripts     | GameContent | gitignore |
| :----                         | :------:                  | :------:        | :------:        | :------:    |:------: |
| Bindings                      | C# Binding codes          | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;    |&#x2714; |
| Bindings.Extends              | Extend C# api             | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;    |&#x2716; |
| Bindings.Placeholders         | generated placeholders    | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;    |&#x2714; |
| Bindings.Placeholders.Builtin | builtin placeholders      | &#x2714;        | &#x2716;        | &#x2716;    |&#x2714; |
| Bindings.Defs                 | your C# type definition   | &#x2716;        | &#x2714;        | &#x2714;    |&#x2716; |  

**Special attention needs to be paid to the three directories Bindings.Placeholders, Bindings.Plcaeholders.Builtin, and Bindings.Defs, which will not be compiled in the final version. The purpose of their existence is to assist us in writing def types, which are used to generate binding code.**  
see more: [Add new UnrealTypes](./NewUnrealTypes.md)
